hi guys welcome to Jurassic collectibles
today we're going to be looking at this
guy it's the prop Oh green Tyrannosaurus
Rex
now this is one of the first dinosaurs
that Papo produced and it surprised a
lot of collectors because it so closely
resembles the t-rex that we see in the
first Jurassic Park film to be more
accurate the one we see in the lost
world because of the green coloration
and we didn't see the green Rex until
the lost world it's a really detailed
figure unfortunately it's gone out of
production now you can get hold of the
brown t-rex which I'll show for
comparison in a bit but this one is just
as good and to be honest if you're going
to go for either just get hold of one
because the quality is so fantastic you
will not regret owning this thing it's
more of a statue than a figurine and
you'll see that when we get some
close-ups surprisingly I've seen this
toy used in a lot of marketing I've seen
it on the covers of books that have been
published I've seen it in posters
advertising dinosaur events and for some
reason it gets away with it I don't know
what it is maybe it's because it's an
unbranded toy and originally it's it's
taken from the Jurassic Park franchise I
don't know how they get around it I've
seen this dinosaur used a lot as opposed
to someone being hired to make a
dinosaur model and I was I'm always
surprised by it
have you seen marketing like this let me
know in the comments below if you have
okay let's get a closer look at this guy
so here you can see the detail on the
head and you can see he's got individual
knife-like
teeth they are rounded off probably for
safety I imagine because the amount of
detail Papo can go into they probably
could make those sharp if they wanted to
and as you see the jaw is hinged so I
can open and close the jaw it's just a
fantastic sculpt and I'll show you the
other side so one of the things plateau
has done is they've given you two
options for the way that the t-rex looks
so this eye is staring outwards towards
us and this one on the other side is
in forwards so depending on how you want
to display him you can have him looking
in two different directions
they've sculpted the inside of the mouth
their wonderful detail the tongue
absolutely beautiful
there's all the folds of skin going down
his neck the musculature on his arms
just really staggering detail and like I
said it's more like a sideshow figuring
like a like a statue made for a
collector rather than a toy figurine so
the kids have really been spoiled this
time and I don't think we're going to
see toys like this for a while so yeah
fantastic detail fantastic fantastic
detail and the legs and the arms are not
articulated they are made of this sort
of rubbery plastic so you can sort of
just wiggle wiggle the arms but they're
not articulated here and neither are the
legs but to be honest when you're
getting detail like this it really
doesn't matter so here's a quick
comparison with the brown t-rex you can
see the the paint job differs quite
radically I think the airbrushing that's
been done around the the head here is a
bit more detailed than on the brown
t-rex and I think I prefer on the green
Rex but I do like the brown t-rex a lot
because it resembles the one we see in
the first film articulation is exactly
the same so the jaw behaves exactly the
same and as you can see the sculpt is
the same it's just that the paint job is
different but still
either of these you will not be
disappointed I can't recommend these
guys highly enough here's how the Papo
green Rex displays with the running
green Rex and they display really nicely
together they really do they work very
well as a pair as you can see so these
two in particular go together really
well and that's a shame that this one is
out of production now because it is such
a great collectible to go with this
running green Rex and lastly here's how
the green Papa Rex displays with the
baby green Rex you can see there the
scale of that one and because they have
the similar coloration they work really
well together and you can have a
parent-child little family thing going
on there so that looks really good so
there we go guys it's the Papa Rex let
me know if you own this green variant
and what you think of it I think it's a
stunning collectible and if you're a
drastic park fan you definitely to get
your hands on one of these whether it's
the green one or the brown one you can
check out a review of the brown Rex on
my channel as well as reviews of all of
the other dinosaurs in the Papo lines
ok guys rate comment and subscribe and
I'll see you in the next video do you
like these videos and this channel if so
check out the Jurassic collectables
Facebook and Twitter page thank you -
like finger comm for the foam like
finger